README.md, before:

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Web.

* [/composeApp](./composeApp/src) is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - [commonMain](./composeApp/src/commonMain/kotlin) is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    the [iosMain](./composeApp/src/iosMain/kotlin) folder would be the right place for such calls.
    Similarly, if you want to edit the Desktop (JVM) specific part, the [jvmMain](./composeApp/src/jvmMain/kotlin)
    folder is the appropriate location.

### Build and Run Web Application

To build and run the development version of the web app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE's toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- for the Wasm target (faster, modern browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
- for the JS target (slower, supports older browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```

---

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html),
[Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/#compose-multiplatform),
[Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm/)…

We would appreciate your feedback on Compose/Web and Kotlin/Wasm in the public Slack channel [#compose-web](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).
If you face any issues, please report them on [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=CMP).

Commit message:

Add GitHub Pages deployment configuration
- Add GitHub Actions workflow for automatic deployment
- Configure webpack for production build with proper output directory
- Update README with deployment instructions
- Fix Gradle configuration with @OptIn annotation and outputDirectory

README.md, after:

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Web.

* [/composeApp](./composeApp/src) is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - [commonMain](./composeApp/src/commonMain/kotlin) is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    the [iosMain](./composeApp/src/iosMain/kotlin) folder would be the right place for such calls.
    Similarly, if you want to edit the Desktop (JVM) specific part, the [jvmMain](./composeApp/src/jvmMain/kotlin)
    folder is the appropriate location.

### Build and Run Web Application

To build and run the development version of the web app, use the run configuration from the run widget
in your IDE's toolbar or run it directly from the terminal:
- for the Wasm target (faster, modern browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
- for the JS target (slower, supports older browsers):
  - on macOS/Linux
    ```shell
    ./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```
  - on Windows
    ```shell
    .\gradlew.bat :composeApp:jsBrowserDevelopmentRun
    ```

---

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html),
[Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/#compose-multiplatform),
[Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm/)…

## GitHub Pages Deployment

This project is configured for automatic deployment to GitHub Pages. The application will be automatically built and deployed when you push changes to the `main` branch.

### Setup Instructions

1. **Enable GitHub Pages in your repository:**
   - Go to your repository settings
   - Navigate to "Pages" section
   - Under "Source", select "GitHub Actions"

2. **The deployment will happen automatically** when you push to the `main` branch.

3. **Your app will be available at:** `https://[your-username].github.io/[repository-name]`

### Manual Build

To build the production version locally:

```shell
./gradlew :composeApp:jsBrowserDistribution
```

The built files will be in `composeApp/build/dist/js/productionExecutable/`

---

We would appreciate your feedback on Compose/Web and Kotlin/Wasm in the public Slack channel [#compose-web](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).
If you face any issues, please report them on [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=CMP).
